Four
Yup
How are you
Everyone like in Japan
I'm sorry
Just a bit nowadays, human beat box a little more
I'm tired, but I just don't talk about the sound of my music It's a heat for music
Ne
Yup
I work as a musician for a while with humor, too.
How far of myself as a human beat boxer
Do you have the ability
That's why the days of self- answering are still going on, but it does not matter
is not it
Hey this time-this is Glyco Tomato Prits
Red tomato and middle Stil if Doraemon 3d somehow
Contact bag active pretzel pretzel tomato & Amon
Apricot Finley Thomas leakage is it Yes Prius will continue doing in here
Recently h ã‡ overtube competition for youtube
I already went to the number of views and everyone is already wow
My video hall like a my videos
It is an animation of the number of times of the law
Every day to fear it in such fierce conflict Gane
Then it's such mean that but
today
Doraemon and Kikansha of Thomas Emori
A collaboration with Thomas and Henry for sale
I mean Tsu Zune
I will do I say this video
Increase Yes
i can open
Big
Road walk to the large hole of my Prydz and windows prit
The box from the roots I have become this kind of wind
Dorae also Neil the painting is of from behind here and start moving become three-dimensional and held up that way
Doraemon also paints
Hmmm
It is such a coloring to paint a color like this
For that coloring page
I Tteyuu when holding the smartphone becomes the 3 d to become a serious thing is these things
It is on
This is a locomotive dome rich collaboration this time , so let's do the right collaboration
think
Do you eat jack rich
Yes It's a bit forceful Let's eat A traffic road
It becomes like this
Is this this?
me
It does not Takashi worship eat
Of course I can not eat it
It's reveille will eat
It is supper
Original Prydz waiting this together and a stainless Barney Doraemon
It's a collaboration product with Doraemon's Pretty Cats, but this Doraemon is
Even Township of Amica
Something
It's been about 2 months ago that the news has begun to be trafficked
So in the United States also I like the Giants by whether the children of the mechanism is Nobita and
Ne
It seems that some people in the United States say that Giants husband Shizuka chan is doing something
To the foot of I think by this girl and very much it is Mori I locomotive
girl
Only man-ish mother girl is it yes in this in the masu How Well
Tourism Masu Naa this I was a little angry
It is around here Benly is green-
I think you like forests and such
Yeah yeah yeah
The to me ran
a
The mystery circle diary
The running But I round and round the phosphorus in the four masu and n
I feel my mind
Oh, it's a good run, without derailment
It changes when it comes to the group
This says
This time's video is Tomato Prits McCart original and green vegetables Stan Bear Me
Doraemon
I fix this with cellophane tape
With thomas
Here Henry
With Henry
Come and
Woods
Yes
me
he
Hmm
me
def
car